hi folks its evil here from thunder
masseur company and welcome to today's
episode of cuntmas fishing tips we're
out here on Memorial Day we're fishing
the salt water of buzzards bay we're
looking to have a great time and it's an
exciting time for me because I love
fishing saltwater so stay tuned folks
we're sure to have a great show that was
a good one Phil that was a nice one just
a solid solid thunk I love it when that
happens
you got one too he's dogging it down
there never that evil oh I'm gonna need
a net for sure oh man yeah I think it's
just a big sea bass but he doesn't want
to come in there he is there I smell
it's not even that big but it's a decent
one please just didn't want to come in
there we go
not as big as I thought but nice fish
nonetheless so that was pretty good
we're fishing in let's see here twenty
four feet of water water temperature is
65 degrees spring came a little bit
earlier this year a little warmer than
normal but it's working nonetheless
we're going to stay in this 20-foot zone
and keep working this area and hopefully
we'll get into some more more nice fish
oh you know what that's a decent fish
just jigging that buck he'll just ever
so slightly
just trying to finesse them a bit
because it's the wind is calming down a
bit and these fish don't seem to be as
aggressive on the bite that could have
been me they're the crotch if I'm still
gonna be on this side yet
okay I'll just lift them in it's a bit
nasty it's okay
listener yeah it's a good fish it's a
good fish
can I get any credit you don't get any
credit for the Hat that nice dry though
oh good hook set to I love those hooks
that's right up to snuff
there I'll let you untangle it's another
decent bit bass I think we're eating
good tonight
good one filming oh yeah you got to love
this jigging for sea bass actually we're
catching a variety of fish today folks
we're using a variety of different baits
now we're just having a great day out
here this saltwater fishing is
absolutely fantastic if you've never had
a chance to get out and fish the
saltwater you really need to do so
because it's just it's really unreal
so he's dogging today give me a good
fight now unlike the bass we catch at
home the largemouth in the small mo
these sea bass just dog it they just
like to stay down and dog it they don't
they don't come up and break the surface
they just power horses down down they go
you have the net ready yes I do
right here that's a nice sea bass good
go and he give you a little shower to
boot nice fish nice fish like I says a
variety of baits we're using bullet
jiggers using Viper spoons periodically
for blues actually right now today and
in running some bucktail jigs it's
fantastic Oh check play Drake after you
landed that fish bill this is
unbelievable folks and it's a it's
actually another good thing to do when
you I was bringing my jig back in
because I wanted to get ready for
another another cast on in the water but
rather than just reeling it in I check
the back in so I kind of jigged it on
the way up like that
and whammo this guy must have been
following it and it just took that
little bit extra to trigger him to bite
oh yeah oh you switch to the Viper spoon
okay for ya all right
nice hey cool fish whoa that window is a
little bit of char beautiful there we go
boy I love this gen fill this Japanese
fish you've turned right on again big
time and there's no rest no oh he feels
like a decent fish - oh wow you're going
to land a real meal and oh ah I could
land them here all thinking that you
keep fishing yes this is too much fun
Wow he's peeling drag now
I got my drags that really really tight
- boy these fish are strong okay he's
not even a huge one that's a good one
yeah it's a good one but he's not that
big he's big but I thought he was bigger
but you're right Phil good fish
nonetheless that's a nice sea bass
beautiful
well we're eating good tonight folks
I'll tell you that it's fish and chips
for dinner without a doubt there's
another good fish Phil yes sir I tell
you this chap is really fired these fish
up this feels like a decent fish -
unless like that other one I had earlier
just a fighter
oh he's dogging it the poet's in a sea
bass Phil there we go
that's an a sea bass decent they look
bigger in the water
dad what boat you got what - beautiful
oh he's dogging it - isn't he
okay I'll get get him in the box we'll
get here as landed
that's a nice fish I don't know if
you'll measure I think he's really good
he's a bit small in the moral sense and
release but this case going in the box
well folks we hope you've enjoyed
today's episode of venomous fishing pit
we've had a great day out there he felt
variety of fish variety of whether the
chains on us today but we had an
outstanding time on the water
thanks so much for tuning in to fun
domestic tips and until next time folks
as always good luck
you